So many go in common tell these canceled logs right here.
Just so everything is really clear when we start to cancel that log a few other things so I'll comment
out and I'll comment out this now.
That's great.
We learn how we can add things to our set and also how we might take things away from our insert.
But how do we delete things.
Well pretty simple.
What I can do is just our set dot delete and then specify whatever value I want to delete.
Let's say I want to delete five and then I'm going to comment this back in and then get a copy and then
load it back in like so save it you're going to see first my size for my set is 5 and then after I delete
one of the members of the set then it's going to be a 4.
Last thing that you can do is if you want to you can check to see if it has.
So comment this back in and check to see if 5 is even there now.
And you're going to see it says false.
No it's not there.
Aside from that you can also just completely clear out your set where you do that.
Just take your access.
The clear method just invoke it like so.
And now if I counsel that log my size after I completely clear it out you'll see it's zero.
So I've completely cleared out the it's completely empty and I'd have to start over adding new values
to it again.